docs(seer): Iterate on seer/autofix/code-review docs for clarity and consistency (#16835)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/autofix/index.mdx

## Getting Started

Set up Issue Autofix in your organization or on specific projects:

1. Connect to GitHub through the [Sentry GitHub integration](/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/). You can follow the steps in [Seer settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/) to get started. **Note:** Seer can only be integrated with the cloud version of GitHub.

2. Select which repositories you want to connect to Sentry, go to [Seer SCM Settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/scm/) to make sure your repositories are connected.

3. Connect projects to repositories in [Seer Project Settings](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/projects/). Seer will use the repositories connected to the project to perform Autofix (including Root Cause Analysis and Code Generation).

> 3. Optionally enable [PR creation](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/repos/) and/or delegate to a [coding agent](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/projects/#coding-agents).

Author: ```suggestion
3. Optionally enable [PR creation](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/seer/repos/) and/or delegate to a [coding agent](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/integrations/?category=coding%20agent).
```
